The building God Emperor has no panic
You press the gun
We lost
Yeah.
Although I am seriously injured
But the ten kingdoms were also beheaded
The battle of eunuchs
It can guarantee my hero's peace for decades
What is my personal injury?
adults adults
The adult Buddha beads have entered the channel
Immediately canonized as Hot Pot Mountain Flower
thin wall
Decades of battle
But I can't even forget my own daughter
China has suddenly invaded our border
Our army laid down the death and disability of the legion
The mission of heroes and soldiers is to protect the lights behind us
Wujiajun
Come out with me and kill the enemy
What's going on here?
Where's my baby?
The enemy attacked us
A fire destroyed the hospital
The entire floor of the nursery didn't come out.
adult
Your child from 20 years ago is still alive
Currently in Jiangcheng
What? My child is still alive?
Yes, my lord
Back then, an old woman took the little master out
A few days ago
Later generations posted the news online
Said that the little master was carrying half a jade pendant
I compared the photo of the jade pendant.
It's exactly the same as yours.
Exactly a pair
This means that
That kid?
He is really the little master
Go and pick up the door
Mom, drink tea
Mom, I didn't mean to, why are you so cowardly?
No, I will choose this time. I'm such a piece of trash that I can't even do this little thing well.
I really don't know why my brother hit me in the early morning
What's the matter, brother in the early morning, look
Brother Yancheng, your wife doesn't want to serve tea to auntie
Sprinkle directly with the doctor
It's not that I don't have the teacher to miss you, I don't have Lin Shen
Your skin is itchy again after he's been gone for a day. Are you tired?
I can't do it anymore.